README.md, before:

# Hecatoncheires

## Goal

Follow deployement and operation of micro-service components from GitHub Repositories to AWS CloudFormation stacks.

## Status

This repository is in (very) early development stage.

## Configuration

The project use [Environ](https://github.com/weavejester/environ) to manage its
configuration. You can either set configuration parameters through profiles.clj
file, java property file or environment variables.

Clojure | Provperty | Environement | Description
------- | --------- | ------------ | -----------
gh-auth | gh.auth | GH_AUTH | Authentication to GitHub account
gh-org  | gh.org | GH_ORG | GitHub organisation in whitch components repositories are
aws-region | aws.region | AWS_REGION | AWS Region on which CloudFormation Stacks are deployed

AWS authentication is either done through [Amazonica](https://github.com/mcohen01/amazonica#authentication).
You can either use local .aws directory or IAM roles.

## Development

Open a terminal and type `lein repl` to start a Clojure REPL
(interactive prompt).

In the REPL, type

```clojure
(run)
(browser-repl)
```

The call to `(run)` starts the Figwheel server at port 3449, which takes care of
live reloading ClojureScript code and CSS. Figwheel's server will also act as
your app server, so requests are correctly forwarded to the http-handler you
define.

Running `(browser-repl)` starts the Figwheel ClojureScript REPL. Evaluating
expressions here will only work once you've loaded the page, so the browser can
connect to Figwheel.

When you see the line `Successfully compiled "resources/public/app.js" in 21.36
seconds.`, you're ready to go. Browse to `http://localhost:3449` and enjoy.

**Attention: It is not needed to run `lein figwheel` separately. Instead we
launch Figwheel directly from the REPL**

## Trying it out

If all is well you now have a browser window saying 'Hello Chestnut',
and a REPL prompt that looks like `cljs.user=>`.

Open `resources/public/css/style.css` and change some styling of the
H1 element. Notice how it's updated instantly in the browser.

Open `src/cljs/hecatoncheires/core.cljs`, and change `dom/h1` to
`dom/h2`. As soon as you save the file, your browser is updated.

In the REPL, type

```
(ns hecatoncheires.core)
(swap! app-state assoc :text "Interactivity FTW")
```

Notice again how the browser updates.

### Lighttable

Lighttable provides a tighter integration for live coding with an inline
browser-tab. Rather than evaluating cljs on the command line with the Figwheel
REPL, you can evaluate code and preview pages inside Lighttable.

Steps: After running `(run)`, open a browser tab in Lighttable. Open a cljs file
from within a project, go to the end of an s-expression and hit Cmd-ENT.
Lighttable will ask you which client to connect. Click 'Connect a client' and
select 'Browser'. Browse to [http://localhost:3449](http://localhost:3449)

View LT's console to see a Chrome js console.

Hereafter, you can save a file and see changes or evaluate cljs code (without
saving a file).

### Emacs/CIDER

CIDER is able to start both a Clojure and a ClojureScript REPL simultaneously,
so you can interact both with the browser, and with the server. The command to
do this is `M-x cider-jack-in-clojurescript`.

We need to tell CIDER how to start a browser-connected Figwheel REPL though,
otherwise it will use a JavaScript engine provided by the JVM, and you won't be
able to interact with your running app.

Put this in your Emacs configuration (`~/.emacs.d/init.el` or `~/.emacs`)

``` emacs-lisp
(setq cider-cljs-lein-repl
      "(do (user/run)
           (user/browser-repl))")
```

Now `M-x cider-jack-in-clojurescript` (shortcut: `C-c M-J`, that's a capital
"J", so `Meta-Shift-j`), point your browser at `http://localhost:3449`, and
you're good to go.

## Testing

To run the Clojure tests, use

``` shell
lein test
```

To run the Clojurescript you use [doo](https://github.com/bensu/doo). This can
run your tests against a variety of JavaScript implementations, but in the
browser and "headless". For example, to test with PhantomJS, use

``` shell
lein doo phantom
```

## License

Copyright © 2016 Sierra Wireless

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License either version 1.0 or (at
your option) any later version.

## Chestnut

Created with [Chestnut](http://plexus.github.io/chestnut/) 0.14.0 (66af6f40).

## FontAwesome

Font Awesome by Dave Gandy - http://fontawesome.io

## Bootstrap

Bootstrap by Twitter - https://getbootstrap.com/

## Tether

Tether by HubSpot - http://tether.io/

Commit message:

Refactoring for uberjar production
* Switch to component for lifecycle management
* Change entry point to core
* Use of ring middlewares
* In dev, start webserver along figwheel's server
* Use of cljsjs components for js libraries
* Switch to Bootstrap 3

README.md, after:

# Hecatoncheires

## Goal

Follow deployement and operation of micro-service components from GitHub Repositories to AWS CloudFormation stacks.

## Status

This repository is in (very) early development stage.

## Configuration

The project use [Environ](https://github.com/weavejester/environ) to manage its
configuration. You can either set configuration parameters through profiles.clj
file, java property file or environment variables.

Clojure | Provperty | Environement | Description
------- | --------- | ------------ | -----------
db-uri | db.uri | DB_URI | URI of the datomic database
web-port | web.port | WEB_PORT | TCP port for the web server
gh-auth | gh.auth | GH_AUTH | Authentication to GitHub account
gh-org  | gh.org | GH_ORG | GitHub organisation in whitch components repositories are
aws-region | aws.region | AWS_REGION | AWS Region on which CloudFormation Stacks are deployed

AWS authentication is either done through [Amazonica](https://github.com/mcohen01/amazonica#authentication).
You can either use local .aws directory or IAM roles.

## Development

Open a terminal and type `lein repl` to start a Clojure REPL
(interactive prompt).

In the REPL, type

```clojure
(run)
(browser-repl)
```

The call to `(run)` starts the Figwheel server at port 3449, which takes care of
live reloading ClojureScript code and CSS. Figwheel's server will also act as
your app server, so requests are correctly forwarded to the http-handler you
define.

Running `(browser-repl)` starts the Figwheel ClojureScript REPL. Evaluating
expressions here will only work once you've loaded the page, so the browser can
connect to Figwheel.

When you see the line `Successfully compiled "resources/public/app.js" in 21.36
seconds.`, you're ready to go. Browse to `http://localhost:3449` and enjoy.

**Attention: It is not needed to run `lein figwheel` separately. Instead we
launch Figwheel directly from the REPL**

## Trying it out

If all is well you now have a browser window saying 'Hello Chestnut',
and a REPL prompt that looks like `cljs.user=>`.

Open `resources/public/css/style.css` and change some styling of the
H1 element. Notice how it's updated instantly in the browser.

Open `src/cljs/hecatoncheires/core.cljs`, and change `dom/h1` to
`dom/h2`. As soon as you save the file, your browser is updated.

In the REPL, type

```
(ns hecatoncheires.core)
(swap! app-state assoc :text "Interactivity FTW")
```

Notice again how the browser updates.

### Lighttable

Lighttable provides a tighter integration for live coding with an inline
browser-tab. Rather than evaluating cljs on the command line with the Figwheel
REPL, you can evaluate code and preview pages inside Lighttable.

Steps: After running `(run)`, open a browser tab in Lighttable. Open a cljs file
from within a project, go to the end of an s-expression and hit Cmd-ENT.
Lighttable will ask you which client to connect. Click 'Connect a client' and
select 'Browser'. Browse to [http://localhost:3449](http://localhost:3449)

View LT's console to see a Chrome js console.

Hereafter, you can save a file and see changes or evaluate cljs code (without
saving a file).

### Emacs/CIDER

CIDER is able to start both a Clojure and a ClojureScript REPL simultaneously,
so you can interact both with the browser, and with the server. The command to
do this is `M-x cider-jack-in-clojurescript`.

We need to tell CIDER how to start a browser-connected Figwheel REPL though,
otherwise it will use a JavaScript engine provided by the JVM, and you won't be
able to interact with your running app.

Put this in your Emacs configuration (`~/.emacs.d/init.el` or `~/.emacs`)

``` emacs-lisp
(setq cider-cljs-lein-repl
      "(do (user/run)
           (user/browser-repl))")
```

Now `M-x cider-jack-in-clojurescript` (shortcut: `C-c M-J`, that's a capital
"J", so `Meta-Shift-j`), point your browser at `http://localhost:3449`, and
you're good to go.

## Testing

To run the Clojure tests, use

``` shell
lein test
```

To run the Clojurescript you use [doo](https://github.com/bensu/doo). This can
run your tests against a variety of JavaScript implementations, but in the
browser and "headless". For example, to test with PhantomJS, use

``` shell
lein doo phantom
```

## License

Copyright © 2016 Sierra Wireless

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License either version 1.0 or (at
your option) any later version.

## Chestnut

Created with [Chestnut](http://plexus.github.io/chestnut/) 0.14.0 (66af6f40).

## FontAwesome

Font Awesome by Dave Gandy - http://fontawesome.io

## Bootstrap

Bootstrap by Twitter - https://getbootstrap.com/

## Tether

Tether by HubSpot - http://tether.io/
